Add initial documentation for StatefulSetSlice feature (#37224)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tutorials/stateful-application/basic-stateful-set.md

_Running_ (see [Pod Phase](/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle/#pod-phase))
and _Ready_ (see `type` in [Pod Conditions](/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle/#pod-conditions)).

> #### Custom replica numbering
> 
> Note: To customize the replica numbering of pods in a StatefulSet, see
> [Ordinals](docs/tutorials/stateful-application/basic-stateful-set/#ordinals).

Reviewer: We usually avoid H4 in the document. Maybe render this as a `note` shortcode would be better?

```suggestion
{{< note >}}
To customize the replica numbering of pods in a StatefulSet, see
[Ordinals](/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/statefulset/#ordinals).
{{< /note >}}
```
